For me, the most important factor that could change my future has been
the same for the last twenty years and that's me, myself. If I can
somehow make myself motivated, give myself some kind of strength to
be a better learner, do better at my homework, you know, somehow get
in the gym and start hitting those weights, be a better person all
around, then I'll get to where I need to be. If I stick around, just
playing video games all day and kind of, just hang out with my friends
and not really pushing myself, then I'll still do fine but I just
won't be exceptional. That's what I need to be. So, I think it depends
on myself, that's the biggest factor. Of course, friends and family
can help. If I have a mentor, you know, that always helps. If I
have other the people that depend on me, then that's another motivation
factor but if it doesn't come from me myself, then I won't get
to where I need to be.